*: add tidb_enable_stats_owner (#19109)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Possible values: `OFF`, `ON`
- This variable controls whether the corresponding TiDB instance can become a DDL owner or not. If there is only one TiDB instance in the current TiDB cluster, you cannot prevent it from becoming a DDL owner, which means you cannot set it to `OFF`.

### tidb_enable_stats_owner <span class="version-mark">New in v8.4.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: No, only applicable to the current TiDB instance that you are connecting to.
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Default value: `ON`
- Possible values: `OFF`, `ON`

> - This variable controls whether the corresponding TiDB instance can become a stats owner or not. If there is only one TiDB instance in the current TiDB cluster, you cannot prevent it from becoming a stats owner, which means you cannot set it to `OFF`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether the corresponding TiDB instance is able to run [automatic update of optimizer statistics](/statistics.md#automatic-update). If there is only one TiDB instance in the current TiDB cluster, you cannot prevent it from running automatic update of optimizer statistics , which means you cannot set it to `OFF`.
```
